11:21 PM
# Snack Vending Machine Using Laravel

This web application demostrates a snack vending machine. 

The project is designed for only one vending machine and it has only one manager, for this purpose, both models followed the singleton pattern.

The vending machine handles three operations:
1)	Money Insertion
2)	Snack Selection
3)	Vending Snack

First you insert an amount of money, then select a snack. If everything goes right you get the change.
When you won't be able to buy a snack?
1) Insufficient change in the machine, can't return change;
2) Selecting a snack without inserting money
3) User entered insufficient amount of money
4) selecting invalid code when choosing a snack
5) Not selecting a snack

==========
Structure
==========

There is only one vending machine, owned by one manager. The machine has a various selection of snacks. 
A snack can be requested per order, i.e. and order carries only one snack, but you can order a snack multiple times.


==========
Features
========== 
* As a customer, you only get to insert the money and select the item. There is no need to store any data about customers. 

* Besides vending snacks, the application allows the manager to manage snacks in the machine (add/delete/update)

* Also, a report can be generated by sending an email to the manager about statistical information of the orders.

 
*  Exceptions
Three custom exceptions:
1) Insufficient money.
2) Insufficient change in the machine.
3) Invalid code when selecting a snack.


=======================
## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Installing

1. Clone the project
2. Use IDE of your preference to open it.
3. open .env and add your database name and credentials 

Run these commands
- composer global require laravel/valet
- valet install
- valet link SnacksVendingMachine
- valet start
If you use valet , the path will be : snackvendingmachine.test

Alternatively, use can generate an application key and run it on localhost:

php artisan key:generate  


Creating database tables and seeding them:

- php artisan migrate
- php artisan db:seed


## Running the tests



APIs  :
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test
 
- POST ==== snackvendingmachine.test/selectsnack  
- POST ==== snackvendingmachine.test/insertmoney

- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/sendmail

- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/orders
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/orders/today
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/orders/frequent
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/orders/success
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/orders/avg
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/orders/totalsales
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/orders/sales

- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/snacks/not_available
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/snacks
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/snacks/create
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/snacks/{id}  // show
- PUT  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/snacks/{id}   // update
- DELETE == snackvendingmachine.test/snacks/{id}  // delete
- GET  ==== snackvendingmachine.test/snacks/{id}/edit  // edit

### Features



